Hard at work or hardly working? Get it? Hahahahahahaha.
My body is a machine that turns caffeine into esoteric numbers.
I need to work on the rundown...
What is a rundown?
Oh god, HR is coming.
Go away, I’m trying to look busy.
Cat got your tongue? Joking!
Cooooming through!
45985195.47... 45985195.48.
AHHHH! Oh wait, it’s nothing. I thought I heard Plainfields footsteps.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Success here is measured in KPIs, but mostly in how quickly you can respond to an email after hours.
Like seriously, what is a rundown?
Why does Mr. Plainfield hate you so much? There must be a reason.
Collaboration and open communication are key to achieving high performance.
I’m focused on delivering results while maintaining a strong work-work balance.
I try to improve, but it’s hard when it feels like everything’s constantly changing.
How do I best actualize cross-functional leverage?
I really like Mr. Plainfields leadership style. Violence is the #1 drive behind change.
How do I tell my wife I will spend the night in office again?
I miss my 5h sleep sessions, but 3h makes me way more consumer-minded.
Did you see my coffee coupon?
I would like to be like Mr. Plainfield, but I lack the emotional apathy.
Let’s circle back after the meeting.
If we just touch base and realign, we might actually figure out what the heck we’re supposed to be doing.
I love numbers.
I FUCKING LOVE NUMBERS.
I’m fetching coffee. Want one?
Are you new here? I’m Stanley.
I think I saw you at the water cooler the other day.
You sit next to me, right? Sorry, forgot your name again.
I’ll loop back with you, but I think we both know the answer probably won’t change.
I’m from the “Client-Facing Focus Group” department... Do you know what we do?
You stink. No offense.
Are you a drinker too? You look like a drinker.
Whoa, did you sleep at all, buddy?
Wanna go for a coffee-break in the lunchroom? Not hitting on you or anything, haha.
I miss my wife and kids.
This whole company is a Psy-Op, I’m telling ya.
I should have become a sanitation worker.
Out of my way, weakling. 
We should probably leverage our synergies more to increase operationalisation.
I can feel my paradigms shifting.
Don’t ask about my day. DON’T ASK ABOUT MY WORK.
I give up.
I wish my parents would let me quit.
I’m an intern. Really digging the holistic verticality here.
My mother was right. I suck at everything.
Don’t mind me, just going on a bio-break. Bladder issues. Don’t ask.
You are not very talkative, are you?
Are you some sort of Psychespacer?!
I will be CEO one day, you just watch.
I have been way more efficient here since I decided to forego personal hygiene.
I think we may not be able to meet our word count for the strategy paper.
I’m starting to get frustrated with doing “personal favors” for my superior.
Do you think I will be a part of the indoor-golfing team? I heard it’s managers only.
You are a nobody. Get out of my way.
Don’t talk to me.
I quit.
I don’t know anyone’s name here. I’m *inaudible* by the way.
My friend was hospitalized because of paper-cuts. There is no-one left I like. No offense.
I’m starting an office-centered religion. I promise, it will be big. It’s a subscription service.
I just use AI for my job. The clients don’t notice shit.
Don’t talk to me, you low KPI peasant.
This is a Kafkaesque nightmare. Hm? Yeah, I read books. Get over it!
Is it just me or does no one around here know what anyone is saying?
I love this job more than kids. I fucking hate my kids. They suck.